(packaging) Finalize changelog for 1.33.0 (#1302)
puppetlabs/bolt: CHANGELOG.md

### New features

> * **Only print `safe_name` when referencing `Target`s** ([#1243](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/issues/1243))

Reviewer: Recommend rewording to avoid confusion around the scope of the word "only":

```suggestion
* **When referring to `Target`s in log or output, use the `safe_name`** ([#1243](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/issues/1243))
```

>   When using Inventory v2 a Target's safe name is the `uri` minus the password component (unless the target `name` is explicitly defined in which case the `name` is used). For Inventory v1, the safe name is the `host`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When using inventory version 2, a `Target`'s safe name is the `uri` minus the password (unless the `Target`'s has an explicitly defined `name`, in which case the safe name is the value of `name`). For inventory version 1, the safe name is the value of `host`. 
```
